package DaVinciSys
version v11r8

branches doc cmt

#=======================================================
# Don't forget DaVinci itself
#=======================================================
use  DaVinci            v11r8 Phys   

#=======================================================
# packages included in the DAVINCI tree
#=======================================================
# Trigger packages
use  L0DU               v6r7     L0
use  L0Calo             v7r5     L0

use  L1Decision         v1r1p1   Trg
use  L1Reco             v3r1     Trg
use  TrgChecker         v3r1     Trg
use  TrgForward         v1r2     Trg
use  TrgMonitor         v1r0     Trg
use  TrgPrimVertex      v1r1     Trg
use  TrgTools           v3r1     Trg
use  TrgVelo            v3r0     Trg
use  TrgVeloTT          v3r1     Trg
use  STDAQ              v1r1     IT

# To rebuild velo clusters
use  VeloDAQ            v1r0     Velo

# Enable neutral ProtoParticles production and CaloPIDs
use  CaloPIDs           v2r3     Calo 
use  CaloReco           v2r3     Calo

# Muon PID
use  MuonID             v3r7p1   Muon

# Final Reconstruction
use  GlobalReco         v4r7     Rec
use  PrimVtx            v2r1     Rec

# Utility tools
use  TrExtrapolator     v2r12    Tr

# Reconstruction tools 
use  RecoTools          v1r1     Rec
use  Utilities          v1r4     Tools

use  LoKi               v2r5     Tools  

# Physics packages
use  CommonParticles    v1r5     Phys
use  DaVinciAssociators v4r5p2   Phys
use  DaVinciChecks      v2r3p2   Phys
use  DaVinciEff         v2r10    Phys
use  DaVinciMCTools     v5r4     Phys
use  DaVinciTest        v4r4     Phys
use  DaVinciTools       v9r5     Phys
use  DaVinciUser        v5r1     Phys
use  FlavourTagging     v5r0     Phys
use  Ks2PiPiSel         v1r3     Phys
use  PhysSelections	v6r6     Phys

use  PhysSelSys		v7r2     PhysSel

use  B2DstarX2D02hh  v2r1    PhysSel
use  B2HH            v2r2    PhysSel
use  B2RhoRho        v1r4p1  PhysSel
use  B2XGamma        v2r2    PhysSel
use  Bd2D0Kstar      v4r1    PhysSel
use  Bd2DstarPi      v2r2    PhysSel
use  Bd2JpsiKs       v2r2    PhysSel
use  Bd2JpsiKstar    v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bd2MuMuKstar    v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bd2PhiKs        v4r0    PhysSel
use  Bd2PiPiPi0      v2r1p1  PhysSel
use  Bd2a1Dstar      v2r2    PhysSel
use  Bs2DsH          v3r2    PhysSel
use  Bs2JpsiEta      v3r2    PhysSel
use  Bs2JpsiPhi      v2r0p1  PhysSel
use  Bs2KsKs         v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bs2KstarKstar   v1r2    PhysSel
use  Bs2MuMu         v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bs2PhiEtac      v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bs2PhiPhi       v2r1    PhysSel
use  Bu2KsPi         v2r2    PhysSel
use  D02MuMu         v1r3    PhysSel 
use  Gamma2ee        v1r1    PhysSel
use  Jpsi            v1r0    PhysSel

#--- TriggerFilter
use  TriggerFilter       v4r8   Tools

#--- DecayPreselections
use  DecayPresel         v4r6   Tools
