package OnlineSys
version v4r15

branches cmt doc
 
#=======================================================
# Overrides from LHCB
#=======================================================
# use MDF               v3r11    DAQ
# use DAQEvent          v7r11    Event
#=======================================================
# LHCb Online packages
#=======================================================
use Adder             v5r3     Online
use confDB            v1r6     Online
use confDBpython      v1r7     Online
use $(CCPCHist_use)
macro CCPCHist_use "CCPCHist v2r6 Online" slc4-amd64 ""
use DIM               v17r11   Online
use ExampleGaucho     v3r0     Online
# Does not work on WIN32
# use FarmMonitor     v1r0     Online
use Gaucho            v6r4     Online
use GaudiOnline       v2r22    Online
use GaudiUPI          v1r9     Online
use GaudiSerialize    v0r2     Online
use HPDMonitor        v1r5     Online
use InsertDB          v1r2     Online
use MBMDump           v1r9     Online
use OMAlib            v1r4     Online
use OnlineDummyReader v1r4     Online
use OnlineHistDB      v4r12    Online
use OnlineKernel      v1r20    Online
use OnlineTools       v1r0     Online
use OnlineTasks       v1r14    Online
use Presenter         v0r12    Online
use PyDIM             v2r6     Online
use RateService       v2r4     Online
use RawBankSizes      v1r4     Online
use ROMon             v1r9     Online
use ROLogger          v0r7     Online
use Saver             v2r3     Online
use UPI               v1r13    Online
use UPIR              v1r1     Online
use Viewer            v1r5     Online
use Writer            v1r8     Online
use Hugin             v1r6     Online

# Allow the generation of QMTest summary 
apply_pattern QMTestSummarize
